[Content collections] Remove "unsupported file type" warning (#9671)
withastro/astro: .changeset/itchy-clouds-invite.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Remove underscore prefix requirement for assets inside content collections. For extensions like `.astro` or `.css`, you can now remove underscores without raising a warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the requirement for non-content files and assets inside content collections to be prefixed with an underscore. For files with extensions like `.astro` or `.css`, you can now remove underscores without seeing a warning in the terminal.
```
For a minor, I'm not sure we need to be quite so terse here, and this gives more words for the people writing blog posts.  :smile:  I would go for "removes the requirement for" to frontload the *nature of the change* for people scanning.

(e.g. "Remove underscore..." could trigger, "Wait, are they removing support for using underscores to prevent building? Do I need to remove my underscores and do something different now?")

```diff
src/content/blog/
post.mdx
- _styles.css
- _Component.astro
+ styles.css
+ Component.astro

> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```

Continue to use underscores in your content collections to exclude individual content files, such as drafts, from the build output.
``````
Totally not necessary, BUT, thinking of beefing this up for the blog post, and for adding a tiny bit more context/reassurance for a minor release, this is a friendly, helpful reminder of when you still *do* want/need underscores. 

Your call!

Author: Love it! Happy to add
